what do you think are the biggest
mistakes that Founders make in sales
team hiring looking at a resume versus
an individual it's an easy proxy it's a
cheat code you're a Founder you have a
million things to do every hour and you
looked at it and you saying yes this is
a blueprint for Success when in the
early days curiosity and high slope high
potential individuals can have such an
outsized him D what are the biggest
mistakes you've made in sales team H I
think there is no uniform profile for
how you go in and think about uh
technical sales and even technical post
sales and I think there's all these sort
of things that you want to identify
which is based on what stage of growth
is the company in you're also thinking
about what type of product you have who
is the actual user and you think about
those start working Your Way backwards
and that starts to allow you to start to
understand what type of a profile you
need thank you so much for joining us
everyone how have you seen new Ro change
over the last 18 months so I think it's
two things it's the zero interest rate
environment going away in the last two
years and having to dramatically change
way you think about sales and then it's
also this Advent of AI and this
excitement and this eagerness and this
desire to use it as quickly and quickly
as possible without maybe thinking
through what are we going to do what are
we trying to achieve what are we trying
to assault how has zero interest rate
environment changed how you think about
sales today I think it's just much
harder I was thinking through some very
fancy answers about what's changed but
at the end of the day what does that
look like that we saw with Salesforce in
that results that was I think they need
3x pipeline coverage to hit the same 2x
number there specific examples of how
it's harder I would say the pipeline
coverage you need we used to need about
1.5 x now it's closer to 2 2.5 I think
sales Cycles have gotten longer and I
think instead of being able to rely on
inbound and handwavy Roi calculators to
be able to make a case you actually
we've shifted more to this inbound
outbound version where you have to get
religious about intent signals and time
to lead and speed to lead and following
up immediately it's you can't you have
to have a very strong champion who knows
how to actually attach to a top level
business initiative and we've always
historically said of course you have to
attach to a top level business
initiative but now you actually do and
you need a stronger Champion you need a
clearer business case you need to attach
to something that's incredibly important
to the company and you have to take a
lot more time doing it if we just go
through the sales life cycle there we
said we need more pipeline coverage
great but also companies are cutting
back on bend in a lot of cases like how
do we think about that do we spend a
load more in terms of SDR
teams how do you approach that I think
it's there there's two ways you can grow
it's the top line as well as the
efficiency and we're focusing a lot more
on the efficiency and so how can we
maximize the bdrs we have can we give
them more tooling how can we capture
every single intent signal how can we
make sure that we're spending our money
on brand awareness and education the
awareness and education is almost more
important than anything else because you
need to work together to find a use case
in order to capture that budget
okay so we then increase pipeline how
are we seeing time to sale change and
how do we actually shorten that in the
face of lengthening time to sales how do
we create urgency I think a lot of it is
just I've spend more time probably
managing expectations than shortening
the life cycle but I think both are
important I think a lot of it is
attaching to one of their top level
initiatives so that you can craft a
compelling event around that and also
attaching yourself to market trends like
Ai and so figuring out how does retool
fit into your AI story are we how you
adopt it are we how you prototype are we
how you can actually get something built
and in production for your support team
or your sales team or your engineering
team faster and it's understanding very
critically what the goals are of your
prospect or your customer and attaching
to them from day one do you think the
startups do that well today I think it's
a moving
Target I think it's a lot easier said
than done and I think that's a lot
what's changed in the past two years and
18 months is there's a ton of noise
around AI there's a ton of noise around
the economy
and your job is to create focus and
Clarity and a path to sale as quickly as
possible Dom I'd love to hear your
thoughts here we've heard about um how
people need more matric they need more
proof points around success how do you
think we see actual post sales change in
this next wave where people want to see
more data CL want case studies of
effectiveness of kind effective agent
use how do we see post sales change with
the increased demands of customers yeah
I think a lot of what we're focusing on
is just being able to to learn jointly
with customers and so brand new
technology new category moving really
quickly a lot of what we're spending a
lot of time doing is actually the
surveying of customers and really
understanding what are some of the
compelling use cases that we can then
apply value and metrics to and then
using that to start building out
Solutions being able to have a
hypothesis by different Industries is
what is the impact in the technology so
a lot of what we're doing is working
with customers jointly to really
understand with them and to guide them
on where the technology can be applied
the second thing that we're focusing a
ton on at least within our organization
is building out lots of education and
that's not entirely just based on the
technology but how to think about the
technology companies come to us and
they're saying what should a responsible
AI use policy look like has anyone ever
written something like that how can you
help us think about that type of problem
so we're looking through and building a
lot of these Frameworks to allow people
to be able to have the tools to figure
out how to deploy the technology at
skill where does open AI suck post sales
today I'd say that a lot of what we have
a constant challenge with to just scale
we're a really small company relative to
the type of demand that we see and we
obviously compete with some of the
largest companies on Earth and we're
competing with them all simultaneously
and a lot of what we have to do is
honestly expectation setting and that
there's we can only work with what does
that actually look like you actually
turn down customers we have to yeah
absolutely it doesn't mean that we don't
turn them down from a technology
perspective but it means that we can
only work with them directly with an
account team at a certain level of scale
and so that's one of the biggest pushes
right now is we're just massively
scaling our goto market organization we
opened up an office in Japan we've
announced we're going to be opening up
an office in Paris and we want to be
where all of our customers are but it's
going to take us some time to get there
has that been a mistake or two that
you've made in the post sales learning
process and building it out that has
most shaped how you think that you think
others could learn from I think some of
the things that we've certainly made
mistakes on is just assuming that the
market has more knowledge of this
technology and that we really do have to
create a craww walk run and a lot more
of what we've been focused on is doing
that initial education and not making
assumptions that people have a strategy
around AI it's been shown actually
multiple times that lots of companies
have interest in AI
but very few companies actually have a
serious strategy in place around how to
go in and deploy and make use of the
technology so it's made us shift a lot
more towards doing education going in
and working with knowledge workers and
explaining what prompt engineering is
how to go in and give these models the
ability to retrieve information so they
have more context about your business
and how it works is it difficult in a
engineering Centric organization where
researchers are like you know loyalty
and and GTM is
like necessary evil yeah um is that
difficult I don't think so we work a lot
with research like you would a
traditional product team they're
delivering Innovations to the market we
are then going to productize and then
the big part of the mission is to bring
AGI into the hands so it benefits
Humanity how do you do that you actually
have to have people using the technology
and so we look at the go to market team
as very much a part of that mission
because it's taking a lot of those
Innovations those breakthroughs that are
happening in research and actually
bringing them to the market so they can
be applied I interviewed Brad your coo
and Sam Actually in London and Brad said
that the biggest misconception that
large Enterprises had around adopting
open Ai and your Solutions is actually
they want to see like line items move
around balance sheets and actually you
can't sometimes quantify someone's time
in certain respects and what we moving
son if I would ask you the same question
the biggest misconceptions that large
Enterprises have around adopting open AI
in your Solutions and you were to say
something different what would you say
I'd say there's a couple different
things that we see traditionally like
one is that a lot of large Enterprises
think that the Innovation is going to
start with their machine learning team
or their data science team and what
we're seeing a lot of innovation happen
is actually at the line of business
level the people that are closest to the
problems and closest to the processes
generally have a much better intuition
about how to apply the technology so
that's one the other one that I would
generally say is that people grossly
underestimate the amount of time it's
going to take in order to pull off a
really successful transformational AI
project and that if you're not really
not only resourcing it top down but it's
part of the the company's strategy and
that you really have a group of
technologists along with some of those
folks from the line of business working
together it's going to take a while to
pull these projects off and so when we
talk about about some of these companies
like Clara or Spotify or Morgan Stanley
that have really done something
transformational I think we all have to
keep in mind we started those projects
probably nine months ago and it takes
time and iteration in order to get
something into production can I ask you
Al that R obviously was a very fantastic
and efficient company pre the AI hype
cycle and you said you have to attach
yourself to Trends in certain respects
how is a non aai first company I might
get in trouble with that but non AI
first company
attach yourself to the trend
authentically without being like a oh
and we've got AI slapped on the side
actually I think we're in a really
interesting position cuz if you look you
look at the website you don't see AI
anywhere you have to dig deep into our
docks to actually see where AI fits in
and in case you haven't looked at our
docs which I imagine is many of you it's
in how you build applications and then
you can also Infuse AI into the
applications that you've built but do
you bring it into customer conversations
so they bring it in it actually started
with our customers so a a lot of our
excitement internally around AI we a
very customer hypothesis driven
organization has come by seeing how our
customers have used us so they've built
tools to parse their contracts they've
built a ton of sales tooling so to have
messages draft and categorized and to
fit in with personalized use cases by
industry they've built a ton of customer
Health dashboards that use AI to
generate use case ideas or to triage
support tickets so it's actually what
we've seen is wor what Dom said where
we're closer to the line of business so
we're selling into the people who
actually have a lot more intuition about
what they need to build and so by not
starting with the machine learning or
data science teams by actually starting
with the pain points in a business with
a practical application of how do you
bring AI to solve a problem that we face
today that's the PLL we felt from our
customers and how we've evolved our AI
strategy and enabled our sales team to
start to use that messaging up front you
mentioned zero interest rate environment
being a challenge and a new thing to get
one's arms around sales forecasting is
even harder to we saw Salesforce I think
Miss projections by 40 million and lose
50 billion in market cap how do you
think about effective sales forecasting
State cuz it is harder than ever it
would seem it's very challenging we
actually built a retool app that's we
have a lot of playful names internally
it's called the pipeline profit and it
is continuously learning so it looks at
close rates it looks at creating close
in quarter it looks at open Pipeline and
it looks at all of the individual reps
stack on how they historically can close
the pipeline that they have so we do a
blend right now of Bottoms Up
forecasting which is more standard where
AE submit their forecast calls managers
submit their forecast calls we roll that
up we looked at our weighted Pipeline
and then honestly the pipeline profit
has been within 10% of accuracy wow
every quarter and so while I'd like to
pretend that I'm a forcasting savan I
usually end up going with what that said
I'm on quite a few boards and quite
often in the conversation I'm ah it just
fell into next quarter fell into next
quarter and I'm always stuck like okay
what should I say to that the w is the
right answer I think you set a goal for
how to get the slips down I think one
thing we have gotten quite good at is
execution and so much of forecasting
again it's all expectations management
with your customers internally with your
product team with yourself and in terms
of deal slipping it asking yourself in
every single Deal review if this doesn't
close by this state why will that be and
being ruthlessly intellectually honest
and the pipeline profit takes sing into
account so it does account for that but
for the most part it's just a lot of dis
IPL and oversight and intellectual
honesty with yourself and your team for
Founders listening how often do you do
deal reviews and what's the difference
between a good and a great deal review
what do you know now as a sales leader
you're like God I wish I'd done this in
my first Deal review there's a few
things we do deal reviews pretty
programmatically when a deal that's over
a certain dollar threshold hits stage
three we do an early stage Deal review
when what's that dollar threshold 50k
50k theirs would probably be a little
larger when it hits stage five we do a
late stage Deal review and for me the
biggest thing has been building that
discipline and predictability that I
know when we hit stage three which is
for us you're entering a proof of
concept that we're going to inspect have
you met with the economic buyer have you
sold Beyond just a use case do you have
a platform Vision in place do you know
what problem they're trying to solve do
we have a compelling event and most
importantly what top- down initiative
are we attaching to because every deal
even if it's not a head-to-head compete
is a compete because you're competing
for budget and you're competing for mind
share and when open AI has to have
companies move budget line items around
in order to justify the spend we
certainly have to do that as well there
isn't usually a line item that we can
directly replace we have to create a
compelling enough Vision to get the
budget how do you keep morale High when
deal Cycles slow when things just seem
harder I think it's pretending that it
acknowledging the reality of the
situation and I do think there is a lot
of Glory in the struggle and it's
finding the early wins it's not just
celebrating the output it's also
celebrating the input puts we do a
weekly standup every Monday with the
entire doto Market org where we talk
about the wins from the previous week
what did we close what did we renew what
customers did we activate what sales
qualified opportunities did we generate
we do a weekly shout out what something
amazing that happened what's a disaster
that happened D can I ask you you sign a
big customer right and Asel te say hey
great here's ad CL how does it how
seriously how does it happen do you sit
down with that head of sales and do the
handoff and then like how did that
happen and when you get given a customer
yeah what happens then it depends so one
thing that's interesting about open AI
is we have different business models so
we have Chachi BT Enterprise and you
could say that's very analogous to a
hyperscaling B2B SAS organization in the
productivity space so people are looking
at Chachi BT Enterprise and they're
saying hey we want to AI enable our
Workforce we want to allow people start
using these tools and become more
productive and that's very much
something that's sold to a CIO it looked
that as part of the productivity Suite
of the how intelligent are the buyers in
terms of their decisions have they said
hey we've actually already done the work
and we've realized we wanted open eye
over m b and LOM or is it like you're
the only one they so think it depends
like we would never be competing in chat
PT Enterprise with a mraw because this
is something that's a package software
application on the other side is the
models themselves and those are all
available through API and that's where
yeah people are going to look at a bunch
of different factors when they're
evaluating models one of them is going
to be what is the model's intelligence
and reasoning capability there's all
sorts of different ways that we
Benchmark those the other is the price
point and then the final P piece is the
latency so how fast is this models on
the input and the output and generally
what people will try and do who are
really sophisticated is they'll optimize
for each one of those Dimensions as
they're building the product so maybe
they'll say for this part of the product
we actually need very high reasoning and
high intelligence but for maybe this
other part of the product we actually
really want to optimize for cost and
latency and then you can even do things
which a lot of companies start doing
which is you start and validate with the
most reasonable in the most intelligent
the frontier in our case GPT 40 but once
you validated that the use case is
possible then you try and cost optimize
and look for if you can still accomplish
that with the same relative performance
with a more cost- effective model
something like maybe 35 that's fine
tuned so I read about and this may be
completely Unown but I read about like
PWC is like massive roll out and a
massive contract how on Earth do you do
onboarding education for PWC I think
it's a 30 millenary contract was rumored
to be with thousands of seats what does
that look like yeah we very much are
doing the Train the trainer approach so
we're working with global project
managers we're doing a lot of the best
practices in sharing and then we started
Staffing Enterprise account team so we
have a customer success team we've got
um solution Architects that can help
with integration patterns and we work
with them through the Journey we do a
phase roll out so you know something
like PWC we'll probably do it over time
to get to that number and that's both
for them to be able to make sure that
they have the level of enablement within
their Workforce and then also to make
sure that we're going in and validating
some of the value in the use cases and
being able to advertise those build the
champion Network continue to go in and
make sure that we have the type of
sponsorship to make those roll outs
successful to what extent do you set the
benchmarks for Success versus they them
I think that we we try and arrive on
some joint metrics for sure and that's
the ideal State I do think that there's
a lot of companies right now that and
this is a luxury to be in this position
but for something like chat GPT
Enterprise they are purchasing without a
defined use case in mind because they're
saying look you don't find that quite
nuts yeah no oh yeah sure like his a
couple million bucks I don't really have
a use case for this I think what people
are trying to figure out is this
technology has has the capacity to be
transformational yet I don't have
intuitively a ton of In-House expertise
I could go about trying to work with
analysts to get that expertise I could
go in and try and do the research or I
could just get the technology in the
hands of my workers and then try and
start really deeply understanding where
the value is what role do you think AI
services companies have exenta posted
$2.4 billion in generative AI Revenue I
tweeted a year ago that AI Services
would make more money than AI companies
and and they announced 2.4 billion and
open added 2 billion so what you s you
partner with them on the customer
education process as well oh absolutely
so we look at a lot of those companies
as and work with some of those because
large companies obviously partner with
them to do a lot of implementations we
generally when we're talking about
companies that are interested in
building things on the models we target
the either end of the market in that we
work with really large companies that
want to do something something
transformational PWC is one one good
example and we work with a lot of
startups so we really do think that
there are companies that are being
created today that are going to be
implementing the technology that could
disrupt a lot of Technology sectors a
lot of ways that we think about products
and so we make an outsized investment
making sure that those companies know
how to leverage our technology the
fullest I wanted to talk about like
Building Sales teams themselves this is
a component that every founder has to do
in terms of hiring management firing
when we just like start at the life
cycle of like sales team hiring as crazy
as it can or specific as it sounds what
are the must ask questions when you're
hiring a sales team to identify the
quality of candidates I actually think
there isn't a silver bullet must ask
question I think the key when you're
interviewing salespeople is when you ask
a question you have to go five layers
deeper on the answer because they're
salespeople and in an interview they're
selling their favorite subject which is
themselves and it's very easy to have a
Charming answer to a question but the
reality is in a sales cycle like ours
where you have to be incredibly good at
cultivating Champions where Discovery is
the most important skill set where
product Mastery matters as well as sales
skills you need to go really deep and
you actually need to te test the depth
of their knowledge so it isn't the
specific question so much as you have to
go five levels deeper every single time
so you can understand how deeply does
their expertise how credible are their
answers and like how authentic is their
grasp of this information do you bring
other people into the process oh
absolutely how do you do that uh so we
have our post sales team is very much
involved in the sales interview process
in the early days we absolutely had
product and Founders involved in the
sales process so we'll do a technical
screen which is someone outside of the
sales team you want your culture screen
to happen from someone outside of the
sales team as well because you want
someone to be able to actually assess
their cultural fit unless I really think
they're going to close deals so that's
more important so you create the balance
to make sure that you're getting a fair
opinion what do you think are the
biggest mistakes that Founders make in
sales team hiring looking at a resume
versus an individual what do they get
wrong in the resume they just rely on
logos I think if you rely it's really
easy it's an easy proxy it's a cheat
code you're a Founder you have a million
things to do every hour and you looked
at it and you saying yes this is a
blueprint for Success when in the early
days curiosity and high slope high
potential individuals can have such an
outsized him would you RW that someone
sold a certain size deal or they've
actually sold in your vertical before I
would say it depends on the life cycle
and the more mature when you become a
gross stag company the ability to have
closed those large deals and to be in
front of a sea suite and to multi-thread
is honestly a little more important than
the product expertise in the early days
when you're in market share mode when
you want to close as much as possible
and more importantly you want to learn
as much as possible then the vertical
experience matters more D what are the
biggest mistakes you've made in sales
team H no I think the the thing that one
of my mistakes that I've made is that I
think there is no uniform profile for
how you go in and think about uh
technical sales and even technical post
sales and I think there's all these sort
of things that you want to identify
which is based on what stage of growth
is the company in you're also thinking
about who what type of product you have
who is the actual user and you think
about those start working Your Way
backwards and that starts to allow you
to start to understand what type of a
profile you need like one quick example
cuz I've now at multiple companies that
have gone through the the hypergrowth
journey you generally find that earlier
stage some of the things that make
people really successful this is and the
the uh the analogy of an old hbr article
from 2006 would say the Renaissance
sales team and it's the team that's able
to operate in a lot of ambiguity and
they have a high tolerance for that
because a lot of times you have to start
creating the playbooks no one knows what
the sales process is no one knows what
the deck is and how that it should be
organized no one knows what the value
proposition and some of those metrics
are you need people that are capable of
creating that and that's a very
different skill set than when you're
starting to scale the organization those
have all been defined and you really
need people to run the play and do it
scalably and effectively and those are
different types of skills so even the
same role depending on the stage of
growth that the company in you might
isolate for different factors do you
worry about the motives of people coming
into teams like open AI is a hot company
now everyone wants to come and work at
open AI especially in sales yeah I think
you have to screen for that another
thing that I did was I posted when I got
the job at open a hey I I've got this
job at open a I'm incredibly excited
about it on LinkedIn I posted all these
roles at any other company that'd be
probably a pretty reasonable thing to do
as a manager and I think I had 900
inails within four hours of posting that
and you realize there's a certain level
of scale and brand recognition at this
company that you're going to have to
start thinking about even things like
the hiring process a little bit
differently because now how do you even
sort through those how do you even start
understanding who are the people that
you should be making that Outreach to
and one thing that we have done is we've
shifted a lot of the hiring process and
things that you would normally do more
at an on-site we shifted that earlier
because we have to inherently do a lot
more screening what is that elements
that you've shifted things like we do a
take-home assignment and normally you
would do that more in terms with the
inter with the actual onsite but we want
to shift it up because we need some of
those disqualifiers a lot earlier
because we just have too many to be able
I'm always struck with Tak home
assignments because people sit in
different camps do it with the company
that you're hiring for they can build up
some skills or that's unfair there's
asymmetric information that people hire
and have so much knowledge and they have
none which one's the right one I think
it depends and that's going to be the
the answer to a lot of these there's
been come on no what I would say is in
our situation I do think it's the right
thing to do that even though there's an
asymmetric information and potentially
there's going to be factors that maybe
some candidates don't have the ability
to be able to show up as well as they
could the reality is we've got to be
able to go in and do those screenings
earlier and if people have the time to
be able to show and do some of the
research that's a really good case that
this is going to be a strong candidate
that they've gone in and taken the time
to learn a little bit about our industry
as opposed to just raising their hand I
also think it's really easy to get
excited by a brand or a product or by
traction and if you have to do a
take-home that's tied to that company
it'll actually show do I have the
capacity to learn about this was I
excited while working on this takehome I
always tell candidates if you enjoyed
this take-home you're going to really
enjoy selling this but you have to enjoy
it and this is signal for you just as
much as it is for us on if an open-ended
platform sale is what excites you how
quickly do you know when you've made a
mish hire first 90 days yeah there's
variability but yeah I'd say within the
first 90 days if you haven't been able
to make that diagnosis then there's
something wrong with either your
onboarding or the way that your managers
are conducting one-on ones or the way
that you're evaluating people as they
come into the organization what have you
found of the most common first signals
that someone is not making the grade I
think follow through do they do what
they say they're going to do that
bizarrely manifests itself pretty
quickly so ownership and their ability
to act like an owner I think can show up
really quickly and that's usually one of
the biggest signals that it's been a
mish hire and then you just start to see
are they ramping are they hitting you
have some internal Milestones to show
are they grasping the material are they
ready to take that first call do they
need managers on their call for longer
than you'd anticipate how quickly do you
put new reps SDS BDS you name it in
front of customers two weeks two weeks
does That Vary on Deal
size do they go with someone else we
you'll have a buddy on those first few
calls but for the most part in the first
two weeks we do a certification process
where we ramp them if they don't pass
their certification we will have them
redo it and we'll give them another week
so sometimes three if they miss their
certification twice I think that's
another pretty strong signal that you
might have hired the wrong person how
quickly do we expect them to sign a deal
for their first Deal completely varies
by sedment so if they're working with 0
to 100 employees they should close their
first deal within their first two months
if they're working in the Enterprise if
it happens in the first 9 to 10 months
that's still completely normal Dom what
are your thoughts in terms of for you
the clearer signals that someone isn't
performing or is a mish hire yeah I
think it goes back to what Alor said you
should clearly Define what success looks
like you should have competencies and
clear learning path and if it they're
not being able to ramp or be able to
grasp the information or be able to
grasp the role or the customer Journey
you should have the ability to have
those checkpoints where you can make
those assessments and that doesn't mean
that the person's immediately fail but
it means that we're giving them the
chance that here's where our expectation
is we need to see this or that and give
them the chance to succeed of course but
you're going to be using those to be
able to set up and understand whether
that person does have the capabilities
to do what the role requires final
question before we do a quick far but
how do you think about the
verticalization of sales teams where you
think about okay we've got Healthcare
we've got fintech we've got you name
whatever we want to choose Professional
Services how do you think about
verticalization because some people say
that's super expansive massive change
for organizations but some also say
actually you can test it much more
efficiently give it a
go I mean I think that there's a scale
of verticalization there's hey we have a
New York team and let's inherently use
verticals is a proxy to regionality and
just say we're going to start having
some members of the New York team focus
on Financial Services maybe in the Bay
Area we'll have uh a a tech vertical and
maybe within the Midwest we're going to
have a manufacturing and it's really
more just aligning them to the types of
customers and the majority of the
companies that exist and that's one
level of doing a vertical strategy
there's another level which is we're
going to go in and start bringing in
vertical managers and we're going to
have people that have 20 years of
experience in media entertainment or
financial services and we're going to
start
verticalized to verticalization a little
too early and I do think you have to
really understand what your overall
value proposition and get your core
sales motion going before you just rush
to verticalization because the challenge
that you have have is that vertical is
not just a go to market strategy it's
also a product strategy so if you
suddenly just say we're going to go
after financial services and then
suddenly you realize your product
doesn't have the certifications the
regulations to be able to operate at
scale in that environment now you've got
a conflict between your product team and
your sales team um and your goto Market
team and so I do think that you have to
go in Eyes Wide Open that this isn't
just a go to market strategy you have to
have the corresponding backing of the
product team which means that you're
probably going to need to stack rank
which verticals that you really want to
go after be really thoughtful about what
does it mean and how much we're going to
commit to each of those and it's it's
something that really needs to be
thought about as something that's
jointly owned across product and go to
market I was going to say the product
and go to market piece as well because
that's very true for us in terms of
whenever we think about verticalization
it has to be an entire company decision
because the Integrations that are
required by a a typical large Bank are
very different than what you're going to
see from a legacy Enterprise software
company or from a regional manufacturing
company or a rubber Manufacturing
Company in Canada in addition to that
it's thinking through which motion
doesn't make sense if you're working
with Zer to 100 employees the sales
cycle looks pretty similar across the
board but if you're looking at say a
strategic segment where you have a rep
that only works with three or four
customers and you have OD with a bdr you
have a technical account manager you
have an AE verticalization makes a huge
difference because you liver die on the
success of those small number of
companies and account
and your ability to deeply understand
their business and draw transferable
conclusions from One customer to another
is a force multiplier it's not down
market so a lot of it is verticalized at
the right time with the right segment
and knowing that you're why you're
starting there and what problem you're
trying to solve is it acceleration of
deal Cycles is it ability for the
product team to focus on the
Integrations that really matter and when
you're aligned on that I think it makes
a lot of sense and I always think that
up Market is the right way to start with
verticalization finger stamps for up S
the quickest bit fire ever Don what
makes Sam Alman so special to work for I
always say like when you're looking for
a great founder you look for someone
that has product strategy that can be
customer facing and that can be
Visionary and if you get like one of
those you generally get a pretty good
founder if you get two of those someone
who's an amazing founder and I do think
if you get all three someone who truly
is a special founder I think he's great
he's a culture carrier he's very honest
and even though the mission is
incredibly important sometimes the
mission is incredibly daunting he's
really has a level of humility and
transparency that anyone that works with
the company appreciates El now final one
what advice would you give to a Founder
hiring their first sales leader or you
can choose the sales leader starting
their new job tomorrow what would your
biggest piece of advice be to them back
Channel back channel that would be my
most direct one I think meet in person
and spending a lot lot of time together
is so important I've realized that first
sales leader CEO relationship is an
incredibly important one and almost in
the same as any relationship
communication and expectations
management is so important and if you
are in a really successful one that's
humming you've developed a shorthand
because you know you're both optimizing
for the same things and you can't
identify that unless you spend a lot of
time together in person so I think it's
spend time together in person check
references back Channel really to know
someone and what motivates them listen I
cannot thank he both enough for doing
this thank you so much everyone this has
been great thank you